Jb zoom enhancement (#26925)
demisto/content: Packs/Zoom/Integrations/Zoom/README.md

>User created successfully with ID: wSQafNLNSJWq_oBzmT7XOw

### zoom-create-meeting

***
Create a new zoom meeting (scheduled ,instant, or recurring)

#### Base Command

`zoom-create-meeting`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| type | The type of the meeting. Possible values are: Instant, Scheduled, Recurring meeting with fixed time. Default is Instant. | Required | 

> | end_date_time | For recurring meetings only. Select the final date on which the meeting will recur before it is canceledFor example: 2017-11-25T12:00:00Z. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| end_date_time | For recurring meetings only. Select the final date on which the meeting will recur before it is canceled. For example: 2017-11-25T12:00:00Z. | Optional | 
```

> | end_times | For recurring meetings only.Select how many times the meeting should recur before it is canceled. max = 365. Default = 1.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| end_times | For recurring meetings only. Select how many times the meeting should recur before it is canceled. Max = 365. Default = 1.. | Optional | 
```

> | monthly_day | For recurring meetings with Monthly recurrence_type only.State the day in a month, the meeting should recur. The value range is from 1 to 31. Default = 1.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| monthly_day | For recurring meetings with Monthly recurrence_type only. State the day in a month the meeting should recur. The value range is from 1 to 31. Default = 1.. | Optional | 
```

> | monthly_week | For recurring meetings with Monthly recurrence_type only.State the week of the month when the meeting should recur. If you use this field, you must also use the monthly_week_day field to state the day of the week when the meeting should recur. Allowed: -1 (for last week of the month) ┃1┃2┃3┃4. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| monthly_week | For recurring meetings with Monthly recurrence_type only. State the week of the month when the meeting should recur. If you use this field, you must also use the monthly_week_day field to state the day of the week when the meeting should recur. Allowed: -1 (for last week of the month) ┃1┃2┃3┃4. | Optional | 
```

> | monthly_week_day | For recurring meetings with Monthly recurrence_type only.State a specific day in a week when the monthly meeting should recur. Allowed: 1┃2┃3┃4┃5┃6┃7To use this field, you must also use the monthly_week field.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| monthly_week_day | For recurring meetings with Monthly recurrence_type only. State a specific day in a week when the monthly meeting should recur. Allowed: 1┃2┃3┃4┃5┃6┃7To use this field, you must also use the monthly_week field.. | Optional | 
```

> | repeat_interval | For recurring meeting with fixed time only.Define the interval at which the meeting should recur. For instance, if you would like to schedule a meeting that recurs every two months, you must set the value of this field as 2 and the value of the type parameter as Monthly.For a daily meeting, the maximum is 90 days. For a weekly meeting the maximum is of 12 weeks. For a monthly meeting, there is a maximum of 3 months.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| repeat_interval | For recurring meeting with fixed time only. Define the interval at which the meeting should recur. For instance, if you would like to schedule a meeting that recurs every two months, you must set the value of this field as 2 and the value of the type parameter as Monthly. For a daily meeting, the maximum is 90 days. For a weekly meeting the maximum is of 12 weeks. For a monthly meeting, there is a maximum of 3 months. | Optional | 
```

> | recurrence_type | For recurring meetings  only.Set the recurrence meeting types.. Possible values are: Daily, Weekly, Monthly. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| recurrence_type | For recurring meetings only. Set the recurrence meeting types.. Possible values are: Daily, Weekly, Monthly. | Optional | 
```

> | weekly_days | For recurring meetings with a Weekly recurrence_type only.State a specific day in a week when the weekly meeting should recur. Allowed: 1┃2┃3┃4┃5┃6┃7  Default = 1.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| weekly_days | For recurring meetings with a Weekly recurrence_type only. State a specific day in a week when the weekly meeting should recur. Allowed: 1┃2┃3┃4┃5┃6┃7  Default = 1.. | Optional | 
```

> | auto-record-meeting | The automatic recording settings. Note that the Cloud option is available for zoom paid customers only.. Possible values are: local, cloud, none. Default is none. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| auto-record-meeting | The automatic recording settings. Note that the Cloud option is available for Zoom paid customers only. Possible values are: local, cloud, none. Default is none. | Optional | 
```

| encryption_type | The type of end-to-end (E2EE) encryption, enhanced_encryption or e2ee. Possible values are: enhanced_encryption, e2ee. Default is enhanced_encryption. | Optional | 
| host_video | start meetings with the host video on. Possible values are: true, false. Default is True. | Optional | 

> | join_before_host_time | If the value of the join_before_host field is true, this field sets the time that a participant can join before the meeting's host. You can choose: 5 or 10 (minuts), or 0 for any time.. Possible values are: 0, 5, 10. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| join_before_host_time | If the value of the join_before_host field is true, this field sets the time that a participant can join before the meeting's host. You can choose: 5 or 10 (minutes), or 0 for any time. Possible values are: 0, 5, 10. | Optional | 
```

>The Audio file recording_83622325727_19bf5f8a-e77c-4b75-b09e-13983521703c.M4A was downloaded successfully

### zoom-list-users

***
List the existing users

#### Base Command

`zoom-list-users`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| status | Which status of users to list. Possible values are: active, inactive, pending. Default is active. | Optional | 
| page-size | Number of users to return. Max 300. The default is 30. | Optional | 

> | next_page_token | The next page token is used to get the next page. IMPORTENT: You must pass the same page size that you pased at the first call.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| next_page_token | The next page token is used to get the next page. IMPORTANT: You must pass the same page size that you passed in the first call. | Optional | 
```

> | page-number | Which page of results to return. The default = 1.Note: This argument is in a deprecate process by the API. As an alternative use "next_page_token" or "limit".. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| page-number | Which page of results to return. The default = 1. Note: This argument is in a deprecate process by the API. As an alternative use "next_page_token" or "limit".. | Optional | 
```

| limit | The total amunt of results to show. | Optional | 
| user_id | A user ID. this is for a singel user. | Optional | 

> | role_id | Filter the response by a specific role.For example: role_id=0 (Owner), role_id=2 (Member). | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| role_id | Filter the response by a specific role. For example: role_id=0 (Owner), role_id=2 (Member). | Optional | 
```

#### Base Command

`zoom-meeting-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| user_id | The user ID of the meetings owner. | Required | 
| page_size | Number of users to return. Default = 30. Max = 300. | Optional | 

> | page_number | Which page of results to return. The default = 1.Note: This argument is in a deprecate process by the API. As an alternative use "next_page_token" or "limit".. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| page_number | Which page of results to return. The default = 1. Note: This argument is in a deprecate process by the API. As an alternative use "next_page_token" or "limit". | Optional | 
```

                    "jid": "e6388c9667c245c3844009ae995664d5@conference.xmpp.zoom.us",
                    "name": "Channel4",
                    "type": 3
                }
            ],
            "next_page_token": "",
            "page_size": 20,
            "total_records": 4
        },
        "ChannelsNextToken": ""
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Channels
>
>|Channel ID|Channel JID|Channel name|Channel type|
>|---|---|---|---|
>| f7ce414a24634240ae0a7894823d8707 | <f7ce414a24634240ae0a7894823d8707@conference.xmpp.zoom.us> | Channel1 | 3 |
>| e82e99ac9b0c40b08449c76766cf398d | <e82e99ac9b0c40b08449c76766cf398d@conference.xmpp.zoom.us> | Channel2 | 3 |
>| e7e2c5e1ba854056906af1c9dc36148f | <e7e2c5e1ba854056906af1c9dc36148f@conference.xmpp.zoom.us> | channel3 | 3 |
>| e6388c9667c245c3844009ae995664d5 | <e6388c9667c245c3844009ae995664d5@conference.xmpp.zoom.us> | Channel4 | 3 |

### zoom-list-user-channels

***
List the existing channels

#### Base Command

`zoom-list-user-channels`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| page-size | Number of channels to return. Max 300. The default is 50. | Optional | 

> | next_page_token | The next page token is used to get the next page. IMPORTENT: You must pass the same page size that you pased at the first call.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| next_page_token | The next page token is used to get the next page. IMPORTANT: You must pass the same page size that you passed in the first call. | Optional | 
```

> | page-number | Which page of results to return. The default = 1.Note: This argument is in a deprecate process by the API. As an alternative use "next_page_token" or "limit".. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| page-number | Which page of results to return. The default = 1. Note: This argument is in a deprecate process by the API. As an alternative use "next_page_token" or "limit". | Optional | 
```

| limit | The total amunt of results to show. | Optional | 

> | channel_id | A channel ID. this is for a singel channel. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| channel_id | A channel ID. This is for a single channel. | Optional | 
```

> | user_id | A user ID. this is for a singel user. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| user_id | A user ID. This is for a single user. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Zoom.Channel.id | string | The ID of the created channel | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.Channel.id | string | The ID of the created channel. | 
```

> | Zoom.Channel.name | string | The name of the created channel | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.Channel.name | string | The name of the created channel. | 
```

> | Zoom.Channel.type | string | created channel type | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.Channel.type | string | The created channel type. | 
```

> | Zoom.Channel.url | string | created channel url | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.Channel.url | string | The created channel URL. | 
```

>| 3641c3fdc1dc4f788e8eb3407a40c472 | Admins | 2 | <https://us06web.zoom.us/launch/chat/v2/eyJzaWQiOiIzNjQxYzNmZGMxZGM0Zjc4OGU4ZWIzNDA3YTQwYzQ3MkBjb25mZXJlbmNlLnhtcHAuem9vbS51cyJ9> | uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg | <3641c3fdc1dc4f788e8eb3407a40c472@conference.xmpp.zoom.us> |
>| f7ce414a24634240ae0a7894823d8707 | TestChannel3 | 3 | <https://us06web.zoom.us/launch/chat/v2/eyJzaWQiOiJmN2NlNDE0YTI0NjM0MjQwYWUwYTc4OTQ4MjNkODcwN0Bjb25mZXJlbmNlLnhtcHAuem9vbS51cyJ9> | uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg | <f7ce414a24634240ae0a7894823d8707@conference.xmpp.zoom.us> |

### zoom-create-channel

***
Creates a channel for a user

#### Base Command

`zoom-create-channel`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| user_id | The user's unique identifier. | Required | 
| member_emails | The member(s) to include in the channel. A maximum of 20 members can be added to the channel at once with this API. | Required | 

> | add_member_permissions | Who can add new channel members: * 1 - All channel members can add new members. * 2 - Only channel owner and administrators can add new members. Note: This setting can only be modified by the channel owner.Default: 1 Allowed: 1┃2 . Possible values are: All channel members can add, Only channel owner and admins can add. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| add_member_permissions | Who can add new channel members: * 1 - All channel members can add new members. * 2 - Only channel owner and administrators can add new members. Note: This setting can only be modified by the channel owner. Default: 1.

> | posting_permissions | The channel members' posting permissions: * 1 — All chat channel members can post to the channel. * 2 — Only the channel owner and administrators can post to the channel. * 3 — Only the channel owner, administrators and certain members can post to the channel.Default: 1 Allowed: 1┃2┃3. Possible values are: All members can post, Only the owner and admins can post, Only the owner, admins and certain members can post. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| posting_permissions | The channel members' posting permissions: * 1 — All chat channel members can post to the channel. * 2 — Only the channel owner and administrators can post to the channel. * 3 — Only the channel owner, administrators and certain members can post to the channel. Default: 1. | Optional | 
```

| new_members_can_see_prev_msgs | Whether new channel members can view messages and files previously posted in the channel. Possible values are: true, false. Default is True. | Optional | 

> | channel_name | The name of the channel. Constraints Max 128 chars. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| channel_name | The name of the channel. Maximum of 128 characters. | Required | 
```

> | channel_type | The type of the channel. The value can be one of the following: 1: Private channel. In this type of channel, members must be invited to join a channel. 2: Private channel with members that belong to one Zoom account. Members in this channel should be invited and the members should be from the same organization. 3: Public channel. Anyone can search for this channel and join the channel. 4: New chat. This is an instant channel which can be created by adding members to a new chat.Allowed: 1┃2┃3┃4. Possible values are: Private channel, Private channel with members that belong to one account, Public channel, New chat. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| channel_type | The type of the channel. The value can be one of the following: 1: Private channel. In this type of channel, members must be invited to join a channel. 2: Private channel with members that belong to one Zoom account. Members in this channel should be invited and the members should be from the same organization. 3: Public channel. Anyone can search for this channel and join the channel. 4: New chat. This is an instant channel which can be created by adding members to a new chat. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Zoom.Channel.id | string | the channel's unique identifier. | 
| Zoom.Channel.jid | string | The channel JID. | 
| Zoom.Channel.name | string | The channel name. | 

> | Zoom.Channel.type | string | The type of the channel. The value can be one of the following: 1: Private channel. In this type of channel, members must be invited to join a channel. 2: Private channel with members that belong to one Zoom account. Members in this channel should be invited and the members should be from the same organization. 3: Public channel. Anyone can search for this channel and join the channel. 4: Group chat. This is an instant channel which can be created by adding members to a new chat. Allowed: 1┃2┃3┃4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.Channel.type | string | The type of the channel. The value can be one of the following: 1: Private channel. In this type of channel, members must be invited to join a channel. 2: Private channel with members that belong to one Zoom account. Members in this channel should be invited and the members should be from the same organization. 3: Public channel. Anyone can search for this channel and join the channel. 4: Group chat. This is an instant channel which can be created by adding members to a new chat. 
```

 | 

> | Zoom.Channel.url | string | The URL of the Zoom Chat channel. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.Channel.url | string | The URL of the Zoom chat channel. | 
```

#### Command example

```!zoom-create-channel user_id=uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg member_emails=example@example.com channel_name=ChannelName channel_type="Public channel"```

#### Context Example

```json
{
    "Zoom": {
        "Channel": {
            "channel_url": "https://us06web.zoom.us/launch/chat/v2/eyJzaWQiOiJiMThkMTUxNDBjMjU0NTQ5YTgwYWY2NTcyYjNiNTUyZUBjb25mZXJlbmNlLnhtcHAuem9vbS51cyJ9",
            "id": "b18d15140c254549a80af6572b3b552e",
            "jid": "b18d15140c254549a80af6572b3b552e@conference.xmpp.zoom.us",
            "name": "ChannelName",
            "type": 3
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Channel details
>
>|Channel ID|Channel name|Channel type|Channel url|User id|
>|---|---|---|---|---|
>| b18d15140c254549a80af6572b3b552e | ChannelName | 3 | <https://us06web.zoom.us/launch/chat/v2/eyJzaWQiOiJiMThkMTUxNDBjMjU0NTQ5YTgwYWY2NTcyYjNiNTUyZUBjb25mZXJlbmNlLnhtcHAuem9vbS51cyJ9> | uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg |

### zoom-delete-channel

***
Deletes a specific Zoom channel

#### Base Command

`zoom-delete-channel`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | channel_id | Unique Identifier of a channel. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| channel_id | Unique identifier of a channel. | Required | 
```

> | user_id | User Unique Identifier. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| user_id | User unique identifier. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command example

```!zoom-delete-channel user_id=uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg channel_id=88f2f20f4abd415cba2429538be58025```

#### Human Readable Output

>Channel 88f2f20f4abd415cba2429538be58025 was deleted successfully

### zoom-update-channel

***

> Update an existing channel in zoom account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update an existing channel in a Zoom account.
```

#### Base Command

`zoom-update-channel`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| channel_id | The channel ID. | Required | 
| user_id | User unique identifier. | Required | 

> | add_member_permissions | Who can add new channel members: * 1 - All channel members can add new members. * 2 - Only channel owner and administrators can add new members. Note: This setting can only be modified by the channel owner.Allowed: 1┃2. Possible values are: All channel members can add, Only channel owner and admins can add. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| add_member_permissions | Who can add new channel members: * 1 - All channel members can add new members. * 2 - Only channel owner and administrators can add new members. Note: This setting can only be modified by the channel owner. | Optional | 
```

> | posting_permissions | The channel members' posting permissions: * 1 — All chat channel members can post to the channel. * 2 — Only the channel owner and administrators can post to the channel. * 3 — Only the channel owner, administrators and certain members can post to the channel.Allowed: 1┃2┃3. Possible values are: All members can post, Only the owner and admins can post, Only the owner, admins and certain members can post. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| posting_permissions | The channel members' posting permissions: * 1 — All chat channel members can post to the channel. * 2 — Only the channel owner and administrators can post to the channel. * 3 — Only the channel owner, administrators and certain members can post to the channel. | Optional | 
```

| new_members_can_see_prev_msgs | Whether new channel members can view messages and files previously posted in the channel. Possible values are: true, false. Default is True. | Optional | 
| channel_name | A new name for the channel. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command example

```!zoom-update-channel user_id=uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg channel_name=Channel-Updated5 channel_id=88f2f20f4abd415cba2429538be58025```

#### Human Readable Output

>Channel 88f2f20f4abd415cba2429538be58025 was updated successfully

### zoom-invite-to-channel

***
Invites members that are in a user's contact list to a channel. A channel can have one or multiple members. The maximum number of members that can be added at once with this API is 5.

#### Base Command

`zoom-invite-to-channel`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | channel_id | Channel ID the channel's unique identifier. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| channel_id | The channel's unique identifier. | Required | 
```

| user_id | User unique identifier. | Required | 
| members | The member's email address. | Required | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Zoom.Channel.ids | string | The comma-separated user IDs of the members added to the channel.  The user IDs of those who are not from the same account will be omitted from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.Channel.ids | string | A comma-separated list of user IDs of the members added to the channel.  User IDs of those who are not from the same account will be omitted from the list.
```

 | 
| Zoom.Channel.added_at | string | The date and time when the members are added to the channel. | 

> | Zoom.Channel.member_ids | string | The comma-separated member IDs of the members added to the channel. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.Channel.member_ids | string | A comma-separated list of member IDs of the members added to the channel. | 
```

#### Command example

```!zoom-invite-to-channel user_id=uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg members=example@example.com channel_id=88f2f20f4abd415cba2429538be58025```

#### Context Example

```json
{
    "Zoom": {
        "Channel": {
            "added_at": "2023-05-22T08:36:57Z",
            "ids": "pq0t1uvlrqmi_p_-cg2ugq",
            "member_ids": "1vqMC-BQdfok1tpAnSw8OT6FtcMiXBaUPNoRhTIzcvJjtbxgPXQRLmDm-10C2Ggg"
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Channel details
>
>|Added at date and time|Channel ID|User id|
>|---|---|---|
>| 2023-05-22T08:36:57Z | 88f2f20f4abd415cba2429538be58025 | pq0t1uvlrqmi_p_-cg2ugq |

### zoom-remove-from-channel

***

> Removes a member from a chat channel. A channel can have one or many members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes a member from a chat channel. A channel can have one or more members.
```

#### Base Command

`zoom-remove-from-channel`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| channel_id | The unique identifier of the channel from where you would like to remove a member. | Required | 
| user_id | User unique identifier. | Required | 

> | member_id | The email address or user ID or member ID of the member whom you would like to be remove from the channel.. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| member_id | The email address or user ID or member ID of the member to remove from the channel. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command example

```!zoom-remove-from-channel user_id=uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg member_id=example@example.com channel_id=88f2f20f4abd415cba2429538be58025```

#### Human Readable Output

>Member <example@example.com> was successfully removed from channel 88f2f20f4abd415cba2429538be58025

### zoom-send-file

***
Sends a file on Zoom to either an individual user in your contact list or a channel of which you are a member.

#### Base Command

`zoom-send-file`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| to_channel | The channel ID of the channel to which to send the chat file. | Optional | 
| user_id | The user's ID. | Required | 

> | to_contact | The user ID or member ID of the contact to whom you want to send the chat file. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to_contact | The user ID or member ID of the contact to send the chat file. | Optional | 
```

> | entry_id | XSOAR internal file Id. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| entry_id | Cortex XSOAR internal file ID. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

### zoom-send-message

***
Sends chat messages on Zoom to either an individual user who is in your contact list or to a channel of which you are a member.

#### Base Command

`zoom-send-message`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| user_id | Unique identifier of the user. | Required | 

> | at_contact | This field is required if the value of at_type field is set to 1. Email address of the contact.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| at_contact | This field is required if the value of at_type field is set to 1. Email address of the contact. | Optional | 
```

> | at_type | The type of mention. You can use one of the following values: 1: Mention a contact. 2: Mention "all" to notify everyone in the channel. Allowed: 1┃2. Possible values are: Mention a contact, Mention "all" to notify everyone in the channel. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| at_type | The type of mention. You can use one of the following values: 1: Mention a contact. 2: Mention "all" to notify everyone in the channel.  | Optional | 
```

| format_attr | This field is required if the value of the format_type field is listed below: 1.FontSize value: s for small, m for medium, or l for large font size. 2.FontColor and BackgroundColor value: only supports RGB value. For example: FFC0CB 3.LeftIndent value: a positive pixel length. 4.Paragraph value: h1 for Heading 1, h2 for Heading 2, or h3 for Heading 3. 5.AddLink value: must be a valid URL, with an http or https prefix. For example: <https://example.com>. | Optional | 

> | message | The message to be sent.Constraints Max 1024 chars. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| message | The message to be sent. Maximum of 1024 characters. | Required | 
```

> | entry_ids | A list of the file IDs to send. This field only accepts a maximum of six file IDs. Max Items 6. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| entry_ids | A list of the file IDs to send. This field only accepts a maximum of six file IDs.  | Optional | 
```

| reply_main_message_id | The reply message's ID. This field only returns if the message is a reply message. | Optional | 

> | to_channel | The channel ID of the channel where you would like to send a message. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to_channel | The channel ID of the channel to send a message. | Optional | 
```

> | to_contact | The email address or user ID or member ID of the person you wish to send a message. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to_contact | The email address or user ID or member ID of the person to send a message. | Optional | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Zoom.ChatMessage.id | number | Unique Identifier of the message. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.ChatMessage.id | number | Unique identifier of the message. | 
```

#### Command example

```!zoom-send-message user_id=uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg message="message" to_contact=example@example.com```

#### Context Example

```json
{
    "Zoom": {
        "ChatMessage": {
            "id": "7df8cc5b-efc4-4e08-9083-9823b8871c82"
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### Message
>
>|Contact|Message ID|
>|---|---|
>| <example@example.com> | 7df8cc5b-efc4-4e08-9083-9823b8871c82 |

### zoom-delete-message

***
Deletes a chat message previously sent to a contact or a channel.

#### Base Command

`zoom-delete-message`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| user_id | Unique identifier of the user. | Required | 

> | message_id | Unique Identifier of the message. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| message_id | Unique identifier of the message. | Required | 
```

> | to_channel | The channel ID where the message was sent. You must provide this parameter or the to_contact parameter.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to_channel | The channel ID where the message was sent. You must provide this parameter or the to_contact parameter. | Optional | 
```

> | to_contact | he member ID or user ID or email address of a chat contact to whom the message was sent.  You must provide this parameter or the to_channel parameter.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to_contact | The member ID or user ID or email address of a chat contact to whom the message was sent.  You must provide this parameter or the to_channel parameter. | Optional | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command example

```!zoom-delete-message user_id=uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg to_contact=example@example.com message_id=4a59df4a-9668-46bd-bff2-3e1f3462ecc3```

#### Human Readable Output

>Message 4a59df4a-9668-46bd-bff2-3e1f3462ecc3 was deleted successfully

### zoom-update-message

***

> Edits a chat message that you previously sent to either a contact or a channel in Zoom by providing the ID of the message as the value of the messageId parameter.  as a query parameter, you must provide either the contact's email address of the contact or the Channel ID of the channel where the message was sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edits a chat message that you previously sent to either a contact or a channel in Zoom by providing the ID of the message as the value of the messageId parameter.  As a query parameter, you must provide either the contact's email address or the Channel ID of the channel where the message was sent.
```

#### Base Command

`zoom-update-message`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| user_id | Unique identifier of the user. | Required | 

> | message_id | Unique Identifier of the message. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| message_id | Unique identifier of the message. | Required | 
```

| message | The edited message. | Required | 

> | to_channel | The channel ID of the channel where you sent the message. You must provide either to_contact or to_channel parameter in the API request. Channel ID can be retrieved from List User's Channels API.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to_channel | The channel ID of the channel where you sent the message. You must provide either to_contact or to_channel parameter in the API request. Channel ID can be retrieved from List User's Channels API. | Optional | 
```

> | to_contact | The email address or user ID or member ID of the contact to whom the message was sent.  You must provide either this parameter or the to_channel parameter in the API request.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to_contact | The email address or user ID or member ID of the contact to whom the message was sent.  You must provide either this parameter or the to_channel parameter in the API request. | Optional | 
```

> | entry_ids | A list of XSOAR file entry IDs to send. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| entry_ids | A list of Cortex XSOAR file entry IDs to send. | Optional | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command example

```!zoom-update-message user_id=uJiZN-O7Rp6Jp_995FpZGg message="message2" to_contact=example@example.com message_id=4a59df4a-9668-46bd-bff2-3e1f3462ecc3```

#### Human Readable Output

>Message 4a59df4a-9668-46bd-bff2-3e1f3462ecc3 was successfully updated

### zoom-list-messages

***
Searches chat messages or shared files between a user and an individual contact or a chat channel. 

#### Base Command

`zoom-list-messages`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| user_id | Unique identifier of the user. | Required | 

> | to_contact | This field allows you to query by the email address or user ID or member ID of a chat contact with whom the user communicated. The API only returns messages sent and/or received between the user and the queried contact.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to_contact | This field allows you to query by the email address or user ID or member ID of a chat contact with whom the user communicated. The API only returns messages sent and/or received between the user and the queried contact. | Optional | 
```

> | to_channel | This field queries by the channel ID of a channel in which the user had chat conversations. The API only returns messages sent and/or received by the user in the queried channel.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to_channel | This field queries by the channel ID of a channel in which the user had chat conversations. The API only returns messages sent and/or received by the user in the queried channel. | Optional | 
```

| date | The query date from which to retrieve the chat messages. This value defaults to the current date. Format %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S.. | Optional | 
| from | Start date. Format %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S. | Optional | 
| to | End date. Format %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S. | Optional | 
| include_deleted_and_edited_message | Include deleted and edited messages. Default false. | Optional | 

> | search_type | Allowed: message ┃ file The type of search: message — Search messages. file — Search files.. Possible values are: message, file. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| search_type | The type of search: message — Search messages. file — Search files.. Possible values are: message, file. | Optional | 
```

| search_key | Key for search in messages. | Optional | 

> | exclude_child_message | Default: false This parameter is used to exclude returning all child messages in a chat, leaving only the parent messages.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| exclude_child_message |  Whether to exclude returning all child messages in a chat, leaving only the parent messages.  Default: false. | Optional | 
```

> | next_page_token | The next page token paginates through a large set of results. A next page token is returned whenever the set of available results exceeds the current page size. This token's expiration period is 15 minutes.. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| next_page_token | The next page token paginates through a large set of results. A next page token is returned whenever the set of available results exceeds the current page size. This token's expiration period is 15 minutes. | Optional | 
```

| page_size | Number of records returned from a single API call. Default 50. | Optional | 

> | page_number | Which page of results to return. Default 1. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| page_number | The page of results to return. Default 1. | Optional | 
```

| limit | Total amount of results to show. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Zoom.ChatMessage.date | date | The queried date value. | 

> | Zoom.ChatMessage.id | string | the channel's unique identifier. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.ChatMessage.id | string | The channel's unique identifier. | 
```

| Zoom.Channel.jid | string | The channel JID. | 
| Zoom.Channel.name | string | The channel name. | 

> | Zoom.Channel.type | string | The type of the channel. The value can be one of the following: 1: Private channel. In this type of channel, members must be invited to join a channel. 2: Private channel with members that belong to one Zoom account. Members in this channel should be invited and the members should be from the same organization. 3: Public channel. Anyone can search for this channel and join the channel. 4: Group chat. This is an instant channel which can be created by adding members to a new chat. Allowed: 1┃2┃3┃4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zoom.Channel.type | string | The type of the channel. The value can be one of the following: 1: Private channel. In this type of channel, members must be invited to join a channel. 2: Private channel with members that belong to one Zoom account. Members in this channel should be invited and the members should be from the same organization. 3: Public channel. Anyone can search for this channel and join the channel. 4: Group chat. This is an instant channel which can be created by adding members to a new chat. 
```
